feat(changelog): managed-inference-changed-managed-inference-becomes-gen 2026-04-29 (#6474)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2026/2026-04-29-managed-inference-changed-managed-inference-becomes-gen.mdx

---
title: Managed Inference becomes Generative APIs - Dedicated Deployment
status: changed
date: 2026-04-29
category: ai-data
product: managed-inference
---

> Starting **May 1st**, Managed Inference becomes **Generative APIs - Dedicated Deployment**. All APIs, existing resources, pricing, and SLAs **remain unchanged**. All Managed Inference related content (such as documentation or cockpit dashboards) will gradually be renamed **Generative APIs - Dedicated**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting **1 May 2026**, Managed Inference becomes **Generative APIs - Dedicated Deployment**. All APIs, existing resources, pricing, and SLAs **remain unchanged**. All Managed Inference related content (such as documentation or Cockpit dashboards) will gradually be renamed **Generative APIs - Dedicated**.
```
